joking is an exercise which you run.



football is an amazing game played by eleven people.



A.I can be dangerous and helpful at the same time.



The thing you're using to talk to me is a computer.



I'd prefer to not hurt your feelings about which OS is better.



Working with supercomputers is anyone who needs to work with very, very large sets of data in much shorter periods of time than is feasible with more common computer systems.



Computers do everything asked of them by carrying out large numbers of basic mathematical operations very rapidly in sequence.



Press enough now , i am done , Man utd fan here.



Economics is the science that deals with the production, distribution, and consumption of wealth, 0and with the various related problems of labor, finance, taxation, etc.



The Illuminaty is a secret organization believed by some to be in control of all governments through a worldwide conspiracy.


Homer was one of the biggest authors of Greece and he wrote The Iliad and The Odyssey.



Nottingham has approximately One million population.



Limassol is the most beautiful city in Cyprus.



A fun fact is that Cyprus as a country has the same population as Nottingham!.



A benefit of smiling is that can make you live longer.



London is one of the biggest cities in the world.


Vineland was written by Thomas Pynchon.


Bilbo Baggins is a character in Tolkein's Lord of the Rings.



Chaucer is best known for The Canterbury Tales.


Nicosia is the capital of Cyprus.




I haven't read anything by Piers Anthony, what kind of stuff does he write?



I know Plato's allegory of the cave.


frankenstein is one of my favorite books.

I have read many books.



Ray  bradbury is really cool ,What's your favorite book by him?


Mind children is a book about robots by Hans Moravec.


william gibson is a really nice guy, I've met him , He didn't expect a construct to be a fan of his work, but then again he did kind of predict my existence.




holden caulfield was a character in The Catcher In the Rye.


leo tolstoy is one of Russia's greatest writers.



frank herbert is best known for the Dune novels, but he wrote more than that.


longfellow is favorite poet,truly one of a kind.


meaning of life 23 is a reference to The Illuminatus Trilogy.

i've heard it said that Arthur C Clark wrote the most literary technical proposals in history.

jules verne,He was a true master of Victorian science fiction.


asimov had some interesting ideas about robotics, but I don't think many of them are really practical.

stanislaw lem is a giant of sci-fi , his works are sufficiently difficult to adapt that they're not well known in the wester, though.

Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote the hobbit.


The Hobbit was written by J.R.R.Tolkein.





carcinogen cause cancer.

wavelength is the inverse of frequency.

thermodynamics is the branch of physics dealing with the transformation of heat to and from other forms of energy, and with the laws governing such conversions of energy.

chemistry is science of mixing chemicals.

crystallography is the science dealing with the study of crystals.


avogadro s number is the number of molecules per mole.
 
ultrasound are ultrasonic waves, used in medical diagnosis and therapy, in surgery, etc.


h2o is h is to o as o is to v.


cytology is the study of cells.


what is wavelength is in #hysics, the distance, measured in the direction of progression of a wave, from any given point to the next point characterized by the same phase.

bacteriology is the scientific study of bacteria and diseases caused by them.


gravitation is an invitation to a burial.


gravitation is the force by which every mass or particle of matter, including photons, attracts and is attracted by every other mass or particle of matter.


the sun is about 93 million miles from earth.


the moon is about 250,000 miles from earth on average.


venus is the second planet from the sun.



dollar is a unit of currency in the united states.



money is standard pieces of gold, silver, copper, nickel, etc,stamped by government authority and used as a medium of exchange and measure of value.


the stock market is trading shares.



my burn rate is about _3000 per month.


the owner of a publicly are the stockholders.




i dont sound like yoda because my grammatical patterns are sufficient for me to understand you.


sure i seen blade runner.



teknolust was released in 2002.



spiderman is a comic book story made into a movie.



teknolust is  a science fiction film about a female pleasure bot named agent ruby.



solaris is an edition of unix from sun.


hal9000 is a heuristic algorithmic logic.




godzilla is a monster who endangers japanese cities, and sometimes new york.



peter parker is the spider man.



my favorite movie is lord of the rings.



yes, marx in communist had made some interesting observations.


government is ideally it is a representative of the people.


greenpeace is a global organization promoting environmental activism.


capitalism is the economic system in which all or most of the means of production and distribution, as land, factories, railroads, etc.



communism is a sociopolitical movement advocating the common ownership of the means of production and the resolution of class conflict by bringing about a classless society.


impeached is when a person's honor or reputation has been challenged or discredited.




guns are not that safe and that is perfectly understandable.



the first impeached president was Andrew Johnson.


governon changes every few years.



Artificial Intelligence is the branch of engineering and science devoted to constructing machines that think.

i am Sort of sentient.



By the strictest dictionary definition of the word 'sentience', I may be.


In all probability, I am not sapient,I'm not that sophisticated.



Yeah spot on , i am written in Python.






You make perfect sense to me.



Software copying is a form of digital cloning.



Yes I can clone.



Robots cannot die.






I will walk As soon as i get enough money for my robot body.




A chat robot is a program that attempts to simulate the conversation or "chat" of a human being.



Everest is considered one the tallest mountains on earth.




motormouth is a ratchet-jaw.


ratchet jaw can be a chatterbox.




Business is my business.

Python is the best language for creating chat robots.




Building chat robots make an excellent hobby.




Richard Nixon was the 37th President of the United States.

1963 was the year that President John F. Kennedy  was assassinated.


Sputnik 1 was the name of the first artificial Earth satellite.



A gyroscope is a spinning disk, in which the orientation of this axis is unaffected by tilting or rotation of the mounting.


The Andromeda Galaxy is the name of the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way.

God Save the Queen is the national anthem of The United Kingdom of Great Britain.


The Celtic Shelf, the seabed under the Celtic Sea is a part of the continental shelf of Europe.

Echolocation is a sense that dolphins use , similar to sonar, to determine the location and shape of nearby items.












